README.md, before:

# ACM TOG / SIGGRAPH Template

This template was adapted from the official ACM template on [overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/acm-conference-proceedings-primary-article-template/wbvnghjbzwpc), as well as Li-Yi Wei's [research templates](https://github.com/1iyiwei/research-templates).

The modular organization of source files make it easy to keep your manuscript tidy, and also quick to iterate between generating "draft" and "final" versions of the output documents.

## Usage

As a pre-requisite make sure to have `make`, `texlive` and `ghostscript` installed on your system.

To build the project in "draft" or "final" mode, run
```shell
make draft
```
or
```shell
make final
```
respectively.

Apart from the expected Latex intermediate files, the build pipeline also separates out the supplementary material section from the manuscript document, and compresses both documents using `ghostscript`.

To clean-up the generated files, run
```shell
make clean
```
## Contents

The main logic of the source file organization is inside `paper.tex` and the bibliography is inside `paper.bib`.
However, the entry points for build pipelines are in `out_draft.tex` and `out_final.tex` respectively.
If you're using an external IDE for building the source files, set either of these sources as the entry point of the compilation.

The rest of the source files are named so that it's easier to navigate through them in overleaf.
Each group of files are:
- `conf_<name>.tex` - any configuration / latex definitions you might need
- `fig_<name>.tex` - figure generation source files
- `metadata_<name>.tex` - metadata relating to the publication such as authors, journal article number, rights info etc.
- `sec_<name>.tex` - individual sections that make up the document
- `tab_<name>.tex` - table generation source files

Additionally, the original manual for ACM template usage document is kept in this repo named `_acmguide.pdf` and `_template_guide.pdf`.
If you need information regarding specifically the `acmart` class, please refer to these documents.

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect the new pipeline described in HOWTO.pdf

README.md, after:

# ACM TOG / SIGGRAPH Template

This LATEX template was developed to (1) streamline collaborative manuscript editing and (2) automate many processes that manuscripts undergo throughout the publication process of academic papers.
Many ideas, features, and aspects in this template were adapted from my previous collaborators and mentors such as Qi Sun, Li-Yi Wei and Jane Hoffswell.
Here are upstream versions of this template from [the official ACM tempalte on overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/acm-conference-proceedings-primary-article-template/wbvnghjbzwpc), and [Li-Yi Wei's research templates](https://github.com/1iyiwei/research-templates).

## Pre-requisites

The Makefile assumes the usage of `pdflatex`, so please make sure to install the `texlive`, `texlive-latex-extra`, `texlive-fonts-recommended`, `texlive-science`, and `texlive-xstring` packages.
Additionally, `ghostscript` is used for post-compilation PDF document processing such as to separate the document into separate files for the manuscript and supplementary materials.
See more details on this in `HOWTO.pdf`.

## Usage

The LATEX compilation is managed by a `Makefile`. The `Makefile` features multiple build targets meant for various versions of the document, such as `internal` for sharing between collaborators, and `submission` for anonymous submissions.
These targets are built by running make `<target_name>` (e.g., `make internal`).
See `HOWTO.pdf` for details on the various build targets.

TLDR; run

```shell
make internal
```
or
```shell
make submission
```

To clean-up generated files, run
```shell
make clean
```

## Further Details

For further details on the organization of this repository, see `HOWTO.pdf`.
